Instructions:

	HOW IT WORKS:
	The AI Personal Trainer uses machine learning algorithims, implemented with tensorFlow and OpenCV, to track your body
	and compare your movements during workouts with our expert videos and give you REAL TIME FEEDBACK on your progress. Our
	goal is to provide everyone the opertunity to stay and maintain physical fitness during these unprecedented times due to
	the COVID-19 epidemic.

	HOW TO SET IT UP:
	For the best results please place your webcam/laptop in an area in which you can easily view your screen while having your
	whole body in frame for the AI Trainer to read. To check if your possible set up can work effectively please use our 
	'Test Setup' feature in the Home screen before you attempt a workout. We seen that the AI Trainer works best in areas with 
	ample lighting and room for you to move around in. 


Support:
For any product concerns or technical support please email us at: support@aitrainer.com

WORKOUT INSTRUCTIONS

	Shoulder Press:

	Position your feet shoulder-width apart and stand holding two dumbbells at shoulder height with an overhand grip. Press 
	the weights up above your head until your arms are fully extended. Return slowly to the start position. 
	Expert tip: Avoid the urge to arch your back and tilting your hids forward 
	
	Press start when you are ready to commence the workout.

	Lateral Raise:
	
	Stand or sit with a dumbbell in each hand at your sides. Keep your back straight, brace your core, and then slowly lift the 
	weights out to the side until your arms are parallel with the floor, with the elbow slightly bent.
	Expert tip: When using weights make sure to use very light weights as it does not take much to work this muscle 	

	Press start when you are ready to commence the workout.

	Squat:

	Stand with feet hip-width apart, holding dumbbells at shoulders, with abs tight. Send hips back and bend knees to lower 
	until your thighs are at least parallel to the ground, ideally lower. Push back up to the starting position.
	Expert tip: If you are just starting out you can ditch the weights and clasp your hands in front of your chest for balance
	Expert tip: To check if your form is correct, when decending on the movement look down and see if your knee goes over your toes,
	if so adjust by shifting your body weight to your heals to drive the movement through your glutes and less with your knees!

	Press start when you are ready to commence the workout.

